for of san Jose's five goals have come
from Chris Wondolowski but on this day
he faces a familiar opponent Joe can in
the former quake who mans the pipes for
the Whitecaps he has four clean sheets
we are ready for week 5 of MLS as the
Vancouver Whitecaps are in town to take
on the San Jose Earthquakes a talented
player put them up top and pairing with
Chris Wondolowski changes the style of
play a little bit as you don't have that
target man but i think the plates are
going to do with great merit in their
world cup veteran and Jordan Harvey on
the on the left-hand side not to mention
up top you have the two costly two
incredibly talented players week 5 MLS
ready to go one of seven games in MLS
today earthquakes and white caps and
there have been some pretty good ones
that have already been deposited into
the standings Darryl of a little bit a
little bit something different and let's
will come out and see something at a
time that they're not really used to us
league nice Kron through and that was
dangerous as it looked like Sebastian
Allah to was able to get a yellow or
that's a fluorescent orange food on the
ball yo orange boot and just flicked it
towards John Bush it's a good ball in
here by costly but you see Justin Morrow
he's in the right position at the right
time and even though he did clear that
ball he put it enough pressure on
spatula to so that he could not get a
clean strike on that ball
with a little space little punchy and
Ozzy's going to chase that ball down
nice one touchback comiendo dangerous in
the middle and a little touch to the net
then he hit the crossbar and then it's
gloved by John Bush oh how was that
missed the wide open dorrington waited
about the penalty spot that just tries
to hit it with the inside of his foot
just kind of float that over all those
players in the way and didn't quite get
that ball to drop below the crossbar
bang yet koo miento there yet
Thorrington they're both with a chance
what I love here as you see Bernardez is
they're just putting his body on the
line it ends up taking that shot right
in the stomach right in the gut just
brings him down but saves a goal and
that time Thorrington get a little cute
with that try just trying to chip one in
and he bangs it off the crossbar mando
try to play for moreno those wide shea
salinas he's got Michael with him and a
drive is pushed away by Joe Cannon and
it goes across the end line the
earthquakes will have their first corner
of the match as we have hit stoppage
time they've added three minutes shea
salinas gets a great look on goal right
here just tries to bend it to that far
post joke in and we've seen that one
he's right there to parry the ball life
Oh playing at that loan forward that's
where it's his job to multiple that's
not his strong suit you know he's the
guy that wants to get the ball off of
that player so that wouldn't surprise me
if
and here's a chance it came in quickly
for Heisley a touch for the two and
Sebastian the tooth fairy's one by John
bush and Vancouver I'm aboard first as
Sebastian Allah two drives one home his
second goal of the year it's one-nothing
Vancouver welcome throwing you never
liked to see that Sebastian Allah to
just takes advantage of that quick
little shot ball comes back to him and
hits it first time good placement far
post looks as though tumblers couldn't
really didn't really have a good few of
that one here's the two again boy
Bernard has just steps up and pushes him
off the ball but it stays with whitecaps
latude sends to the middle Kofi nifty
play to play to Haas Lee kept it low and
he drove it but John butch was there to
slap it away again too easy for
Vancouver to get that shot up some
cheeky play by some big Cooper players
it all comes out wide to Oz Lee who just
decides to hit it first time and does a
great job keeping that ball down John
Bush had it the entire way but
defensively
ooh one day smooth Wando 100k Chris
Wondolowski and Allah commended chip it
over the top of Joe Cannon and he has
equalised that one apiece I love this
bailando first soon as he gives up a
goal off her growing and then scores a
goal off throwing Wondolowski knows you
can't be offside on a throw it and it
just gets his body position on Jay
DeMerit here holds him off let's have
all come right by Joe Haden comes out
dives in Wanda just a call little chip
right over his toes to put in the net
wow what presents just a shield a great
player in Jay DeMerit just kept him on
the hip and then Wando able to come out
once again and left his line here's a
throw ramiro corrales stevenson
all right likes to shoot from here that
you make it remember the reggae boyz a
number of caps for them and Gordon a
diving header at the sixth and the
earthquakes have scored to straighten
lead 2-1 what a three-headed island for
and just a perfect ball played in five
how about your first goal of the season
that gives you the lead
Alan Jordan a such a good job just to
get a yard ahead of him his man on that
one and just a nice little touch off off
his forehead to put that ball to the far
post nothing Johanna could do about that
one he didn't play much from the
earthquakes last year because he was
fighting would seem like triple moon
e'er this is what Ernie huh drives one
far post Oh Oh Chris Wondolowski on the
folly wow what a delivery from the back
post and he kicks it right across the
goal mouth and into the net full number
three for the quakes they lead 31 what a
great finish by wand oh boy my goodness
the ball
let's take a look at this a perfect ball
just dipping tips right over that
defenders head right into wando's would
water doesn't even move the ball comes
right to him a nice inside of his foot
doesn't try and kill the ball just place
step all the farm host but what a great
ball in by Moreno and Moreno picking up
the assist that's the type of magic he
can provide me for the San Jose
Earthquakes to us ly looking for space
cleared out by Morales all the way to
the middle of the field and that's it
this game is over and the fans of the
san jose earthquakes are very happy
chris wondolowski equals five and six on
the regular season